our priority nine plus bless your heart
DVD was really created for our team
members by our team members you see
through 2010 we collaborated with our
top leaders around North America to
create an effective business tool in
order to help them build their synergy
business here's a preview into the sales
tool and also some of the things our
team members have to say about it never
before has it been more apparent that a
strong heart is key to long-term
wellness with heart problems on the rise
so too is the search for solutions
leading the way in those efforts is pro
arginine plus pro arginine plus is a
revolutionary product that features
l-arginine celebrated by the scientific
community for its potent health
enhancing properties and cardiovascular
benefits in the body l-arginine is
converted to nitric oxide which relaxes
blood vessels and helps regulate blood
pressure and enhance the blood flow to
vital organs the remarkable properties
of l-arginine were validated by the 1998
nobel prize in medicine the DVD is a
great tool it's been a great tool for us
in our in our team to be able to
introduce people to the synergy
opportunity but also to give out as a
prospecting tool it's just the simplest
easiest way that we found to do the
business and we're so grateful that the
company has tools like this for us to
use and build with our team I love this
DVD it's short is simple it's nine
minutes long and there's enough
information on there to be able to get
somebody excited about the problem we're
extremely excited about this DVD in fact
beginning January first running through
the entire month of January we're
offering a promotion by 2 10 packs get
one free you can order these off of
synergy sales tools com we hope you find
this sales tool as effective as
thousands of our other team members